0. this is in early stage of development. Don't expect anything to be stable or reliable or working as you expect it to work. No promise for frequent or even any updates.
1. OpenSpiritLevel aims to provide you X/Y inclination, ambient temperature and a measure for voltage monitoring the unit aquiring the data
2. there is a config script within the data folder. See http://www.esp8266.com/viewtopic.php?f=32&t=10081 how setup and upload it.
3. customize the /data/OSL.config  to your needs. Right now the config file does not support spaces and expects \n as line endings after every line to parse. If you do not understand how to customize that config file by reading the code, this project is too much under development and not yet ready for you, sorry. Have another look in 6 months.
4. in the PHP folder there is an example PHP script for your webserver. Put it where your webserver expects php scripts. I'm not much into php, unless there will be code contributions, this will not get much love.
5. bug reports, feature requests, pull requests: I'm happy to get attention, but this is currently a hobby project, which gets love whenever I find time to give it some. So keep that in mind contributing to this project and stay patient. Also be aware: I'll state directly if do not like a contibution or do not intend to work on it. Please do not take this as a lack of respect or politeness, on contrary it's just about saving your and my time and effort; I'll be straightforward so that you know whether or not its worth investing your time into a contribution. In doubt: fork or take whatever inspires you  for your own project.
6. enjoy

